This talk of destiny and where I belong's been fed to me now for
Too long The pursuit of a purpose
For my life has left me dead inside.
We talk so casually about how "it's
Fate", but when did I give fate the control?
No one's taking my future away, that is something saved for you!
Bring it on!
Cuz I'm jus gonna grow up in the battle HEY!!
Buchinuku donten!
Still burning my fire ten wo kirsaku raimei I
Gotta kakikesu Nightmare tada mirai ga mitakute!
Kako, mirai, soshite ikiteru ima,
I ain't scared of my past and now for
Takusareta asu Screaming out for my pride!!
With all the pain inside of me,
The tears I could never let you see, I know (
I'm never falling down,
Cause I know that there's no such thing as
Destiny) This smile is fragile, incomplete.
Hidden away for none to see, you know (
I gotta blast off the pain for you and me!
Tell the darkness to rest in peace!) It's time to strike!!
It breaks my heart to tell you that I'm a fake.
And that this confidence I show,
Cannot take another hit or it all will then begin to fall.
I'm rational and grounded in my resolve,
But when my reality dissolves I must fight for
Tomorrow so that I can share this dream with you!
Rally the troops, gather round, tell the soldiers "follow me now".
Don't you ever stop!
We'll pay them back in spades now.
For taking mine (and taking yours) rewind the lies as it plays back.
Don't try to (control me) you'll find this beast impossible to tame.
Struggle, sorrow,
They'll disappear like bubbles But this
Flame in my heart is like an ever-burning candle.
Screaming out for your pride!
I take on all the agony, if it means we can both be free, let's go! (
Nobody can blow out my fire, you and I,
Never knowing how high we will climb) No more living to hesitate.
I won't lose sight along the way, my goal! (
Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way!
Trust in me now, I will be your light!) So take my hands!!
I live for this sh-
Papercut break)
With all the pain inside of me,
The tears I could never let you see, I know (
I'm never falling down,
Cause I know that there's no such thing as
Destiny) This smile is fragile, incomplete.
Hidden away for none to see, you know (
I gotta blast off the pain for you and me!
Tell the darkness to rest in peace!)
Kokoro wo moyashite, terashi tsudzukeru yo zutto. (
Nobody can blow out my fire kesenai!
Koeru hai i ro no sekai!
) Mayowana i yo wo ni, miushinawana i yo ni zutto. (
Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way!
Kamawanai I'm gonna be your light!) So take my hand!!